1 Round........
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 28 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 28 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 28 seconds ago
2 Round........
worker1: Running 30 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 30 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 30 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
3 Round........
worker1: Running 27 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 26 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 26 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
4 Round........
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 24 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 24 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 24 seconds ago
5 Round........
worker1: Running 23 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 23 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 23 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
6 Round........
worker1: Running 19 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 19 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 19 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 20 seconds ago
7 Round........
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 28 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 28 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 28 seconds ago
8 Round........
worker1: Running 29 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 29 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 29 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
9 Round........
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 30 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 30 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 30 seconds ago
10 Round........
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 36 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 36 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
worker1: Running 36 seconds ago
worker2: Running 5 seconds ago
